Alright... welcome to
our capsule!
You can put your phones aside for now.
I'll let you know when they're needed.
So, this is it -
our community room.
And here is where we'll spend
most of the next 23 years.
We won't just let that time
go to waste.
Our community room is
basically like a classroom.
Or a library.
I've gathered a selection
of humanity's success stories here.
But I've really focused on collecting
a cross-section of humanity's success stories.
There's a special emphasis on technology, engineering, architecture, physics.
Of course, I haven't
forgotten the humanities.
Linguistics, etymology,
a touch of semiotics.
Plenty of history books.
Social history, the rise and fall of civilizations,
organized religion.
Chronicles of wars and
the life cycles of famous dynasties.
You'll find a diverse range of reading material here
for a long time.
We'll analyze what we read
together.
We'll figure out what wisdom
we can extract from these works.
And what practical techniques we can
apply to ensure our own success.
Being in the capsule has
two purposes -
The first is to rejuvenate
our planet.
But the second...
and more important one:
Is to elevate the development
of our small community.
For that, we already have
a favorable foundation.
That's all of you.
You, you, and of course, you.
...and naturally, you.
You were chosen here consciously,
with your qualities and values in mind.
I can already see that in our capsule,
we have the most ambitious
And the most potential for development
group.
But now it's our responsibility
to ensure that this development actually takes place.
What does it require from us?
It requires us to
change our mindset.
align our thinking.